How did you get through
what happened between you two?
Wasn’t it hard?
Do you regret it?
♪ A glimpse of you in
the middle of the silence. ♪
What was that?
You’re writing songs now?
I think music is
really meant for you.
Stop forcing me into
your world, Larkin.
Do you regret meeting me?
Maybe it would’ve been
better if we never met.
Via!
About the beach trip!
You’re still going, right?
Of course.
Why wouldn’t I be?
I’ll get it.
Put it down first.
Let go.
- Via!
- Kino!
I wonder how long
I’ll be hugged here.
I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean what I
said the other day that...
That maybe I shouldn’t have met you.
It’s okay, Via.
I understand.
♪ May my prayer be heard,
that you answer my plea. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again. ♪
On Saturday,
I’m going to the construction
site of Clea’s project.
Want to come?
I’ll bring the car.
Let’s go.
- Let’s go.
- Sure!
Here it is.
Clea.
Let’s focus on work here, okay?
You might end up
acting like a fanboy later.
- I’m just smiling because—
- All right, thank you.
ArClea?
With your ex, too.
Hi, Architect Diaz,
you’re here.
Yeah, hi.
This is Architect Dan Morales.
Hi, I’m such a big fan.
Hi, nice to meet you.
This is Larkin. Well, you
probably know him.
Hi, nice meeting you.
Hi.
Same here.
You know, you look familiar.
Have we met before?
I think so.
Via and I used to be classmates.
I see.
Have you eaten?
I brought food.
- No!
- Not yet.
No, we’re okay.
We just stopped by because
I needed to talk to the engineer,
but we’ll leave right away.
Right?
Okay.
The engineer is over there.
Yeah. Okay.
Excuse us.
Architect Morales, let’s go.
Alright.
Okay.
We’ll leave soon, too, Kino.
We might be late for the shoot.
“Kino?”
I used to be the only one
who called him that.
Looks like I’ve really been replaced.
Engineer!
Hi, this is Architect Dan Morales.
I work with him.
Hello.
Via!
Are you busy?
Not really. Why did you call?
Why the long face?
Huh?
Nothing. I’m fine.
Nothing?
I know you too well. Come on, spill it.
It’s Clea.
I heard Clea call Arkin, “Kino.”
It’s not a big deal, maybe...
Maybe, I’m just being petty.
What do you mean,
not a big deal?
That Arkin is such an idiot.
Weren’t you the only one
who used to call him Kino?
Yeah.
But now, I can’t call
him that anymore.
Are you still affected, Via?
Maybe not anymore?
I just keep thinking that...
if what happened between
us before didn’t happen,
would we still be okay now?
Would I still be able to call him
by the nickname that I gave him?
Because now it feels awkward.
Even when he’s right there,
I can’t call him that anymore.
I get it.
Do you want us to trademark “Kino”
so you’re the only one
allowed to call him that?
Luna!
Don’t be silly.
All right, see you.
Love you.
Okay. Love you.
- It’s getting chilly here.
- I think I’m getting hungry.
We’re just going to
prepare some food.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that’s right.
- I’m starving.
- We’ll be back.
I need to pee.
- So we’ll just bring you some instead.
- Right.
- Let’s go.
- Just stay here for now.
- Yeah, I need to pee.
- Let’s go.
You have such a beautiful voice.
Don’t worry.
I won’t tell you to try again.
But I just want you to know
that the way I see
your music hasn’t changed.
Thank you.
And...
sorry again for how I reacted.
It’s fine.
By the way,
Mama wants to invite
you to her birthday.
She’s asking if you’re going.
It’s just going to be your
family and my family there.
Your siblings are coming.
Oh yeah, I heard they already said yes.
Papa already mentioned it to me.
It’s a double celebration.
Mama’s birthday and Arkin’s
mom’s birthday are really close,
so they always
celebrate them together.
I don’t have work then.
Okay.
I’ll tell Mama.
Good thing you’re free today.
I just finished work.
We finished our last
shooting day for the movie.
I went straight here
and just slept in the car.
You take care of yourself.
Why?
Nothing.
I just remembered something.
Via—
You’re the one who needs
to take care of yourself.
Your enemy is yourself.
Happy Birthday.
I don’t know what to say to you.
I’m used to it, though.
You trained me...
not to say or feel—
what I was really
feeling because I still had
so many things to
take care of in my life.
Whenever I see kids now,
do you know what I feel?
I hope they never experience
what I went through.
I was a child busy taking care
of everyone in the house.
Other kids
were happily playing,
watching cartoons.
Meanwhile, back then—
I was watching you lose yourself.
Watching you drift
away from our family.
But I had to be there.
I had to stand up.
Because you weren’t there anymore.
I had to be strong, not just
for myself but for my siblings.
For Ysha, for Mira, for Aidan.
For Papa.
I’m angry.
I’m angry at you because you’re not here
to take all this anger from me.
I want you to regret
everything you put me through.
You made me hate what I love.
And you forced me
to love what I don’t like.
You know, before you left...
I wish you at least made
me feel that you were sorry.
If I had just heard your apology—
maybe I wouldn’t have
ended up like this now.
Because I needed to hear it.
I wanted to hear you apologize.
An apology that didn’t
come from Papa,
not from Arkin,
not from my siblings.
An apology coming from you.
But there’s nothing
I can do anymore.
You’re gone.
Maybe I need to ask
forgiveness from myself now.
And I hope that
when I come back here...
I hope that when I come back here,
I’ve finally forgiven myself.
Let’s go.
- Oh my gosh. It’s so beautiful!
- Wow.
It’s huge.
I think it’s here.
Oh my gosh, I’m so
excited to go swimming!
Are you guys excited?
Yeah!
Oh, my gosh. Let’s hurry!
- I’m tired.
- I’m so excited.
Oh, there’s the door.
Come in.
It’s so beautiful.
Hey, Arkin!
- Arkin!
- Welcome, kids!
- Well?
Let’s go swim.
Sure!
- This place is huge.
- It’s so nice.
I want to go swimming already.
Hi!
- Happy birthday, Auntie!
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
- How are you?
- Papa said he’ll follow later.
- Yeah, I heard.
- Thank you.
- Happy birthday.
Via, come!
You’ve been working nonstop.
Okay, bye.
Hi, Auntie.
- Hi, Auntie.
- Hi.
Happy birthday.
I am so happy you’re here.
My birthday is not
complete without you.
This is for you. I hope you like it.
You really didn’t have to.
Even without a gift,
as long as you’re here, I’m happy.
Oh, come on. Let’s go.
Enjoy the pool!
Swimming!
Let’s go swimming.
It’s over there...
You can change there.
Is it deep?
Glad you could make it.
It’s Auntie’s birthday, of course.
Arkin.
Come here.
Kids, come! There’s cake.
What the heck!
Come on, smile.
Want me to take a photo of you?
Sure.
Here’s fine.
How do you want it,
standing or sitting?
Your choice.
Okay, this should do for now.
I’ll stand now.
Your turn.
Me?
Yeah, it's your turn.
Your turn now.
Ready—
Stay here.
You’re against the light.
Ready?
So pretty.
What did you say?
Let’s take a group
picture as a remembrance.
Yeah, that’s right.
Sure, come on.
Come here.
Let’s go, Via.
Okay.
Arkin, Via, can you
move closer together?
So that we’ll all fit in the frame.
Okay.
- Let’s just sit by the edge.
- Okay.
Closer.
Move closer.
Come on, closer.
There you go.
We all fit in the frame.
Okay, all done.
There you go.
Can you get the
food in the kitchen, please?
- Yes, ma’am.
- Thank you.
Hold on.
Thank you, girls.
What’s happening there?
You know, Via,
I kind of feel sorry for whoever
becomes Arkin’s next girlfriend.
Huh? Why?
And don’t say that.
What if he already has a girlfriend
and you’re making her sound pitiful?
Because it’s you that
his family keeps looking for.
Our families are really close.
If I were the new girlfriend,
I don’t think I could handle that.
Maybe that’s why Arkin still
doesn’t have a new girlfriend yet.
We’re not even sure about that.
And if he does,
I’ll be the one to step back.
I’ll be the one to keep
my distance out of respect.
Go ahead and fix the plates.
I’ll take care of the glasses.
Okay.
I wonder if he
already has a girlfriend?
Are he and Clea together now?
I want spring rolls.
She wants spring rolls.
- Here, serve me since it’s my birthday.
- Of course, mother.
One more.
One more?
Thank you.
You should eat, too, dear.
All right.
Chicken, hon?
I’m okay.
I’m happy with my spring rolls.
Thank you, Arkin.
Thank you.
Thanks, Arkin.
So delicious.
He really doesn’t miss a beat
when it comes to taking
care of my family.
It’s like second nature to him now.
Is it okay?
Of course.
It’s all chicken skin.
Actually, their chicken is really good.
You still don’t eat this?
Do you want some rice?
I’m jealous. Me too, serve me.
I’m so happy she’s here.
Let me help you.
No need, sir. I can manage.
Okay, then.
Still working?
You okay?
What’s on your mind?
A lot.
Then tell me everything.
Did you post your pictures?
No.
I was trying to avoid everything
that would link back to you.
It’s hard.
Is it hard for you, or for me?
Both.
It’s hard for me
because it’s hard for you.
I visited Mama yesterday.
There’s so much I
still want to tell her, but—
I wonder, if what happened
to her hadn’t happened,
if she hadn’t gone through all that—
Would we still be okay now?
That was my mistake, Via.
I never wanted you
to end up in that situation.
But I failed.
I failed you.
That was my fault.
Until now, I’m still not okay.
No matter how many years pass,
I’m still not okay.
You’re so hard to forget.
How could I ever forget you?
No matter where I go,
no matter where I look,
I see you.
Is it even possible to forget you?
How about you?
Even—
Even once—
did you ever think of forgetting me?
Via.
No matter how painful it was
waking up and finding you gone,
I never wished to forget you.
How could I?
When you were my beginning.
From the very start,
you were there.
You supported me throughout my life.
You made me love music
because you couldn’t.
You made me pursue music
for you because you couldn’t.
I took the spotlight
because you couldn’t.
The only time I can truly love
music is when it comes from you.
When I see you
pursue what I couldn’t.
When I see you in love
with what I also
fell in love with once.
You’re still my music, Via.
So how could I ever forget you?
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry I wasn’t brave
enough to take everything in.
I’m sorry for leaving you
without saying anything.
I’m sorry I didn’t look back
when I heard you call my name.
Please, don’t say sorry.
Why are you saying sorry
for protecting your peace?
To be honest, I was mad at you.
I was really mad at you, Via.
But still, I understood.
I also needed to keep
my distance from you.
Because I might not
be able to stop myself
from hugging you.
In a way, we’re like magnets.
I’ll always be drawn to you
whenever you’re near.
We always find our way back
to each other, you know that.
Do you think we can
bring our friendship back?
We could try.
If you also let me help you
figure out what you really want.
I know what I want.
It’s just that I can’t.
You can, Via.
Because I’m here.
I’ll be with you.
Until all the anger and
pain in your heart are gone,
until you’re okay...
I promised, remember?
I won’t leave you alone.
It’s okay.
You have me.
Always.
Until you’re okay
until you’re ready to live again.
I’ll always be right behind you.
Via, Arkin! Let’s go swimming.
Come on.
Let’s go.
I forgot to send this.
Who’s making you smile
like that, Architect Diaz?
You have a
boyfriend now, don’t you?
Huh?
A boyfriend? No, I don’t have one.
Are you sure?
You seem to be glowing more lately.
- So true.
- Right?
Your smile’s different.
Well, maybe I’m just naturally pretty.
Anyway, back to work now.
- All right.
- We’ll go ahead now.
Ever since Arkin and I
talked at the resort,
it feels like our friendship
is slowly coming back.
Arkin also texts me all the time now.
Even about the most random things.
Do you want breakfast?
Texting me at 4am already?
No, thanks.
And why are you up so early?
Here. Take this with you.
Eat already, Via.
- Huh?
- Thank you.
Via, Arkin brought so much food.
It’s all delicious.
I’ll get your food ready.
Sit down.
You’re already here?
I just sent my reply to you.
I texted you, but you didn’t reply,
so I thought you were still sleeping.
So just to be safe, I brought breakfast.
We’ll go now, Via.
- Bye.
- Huh? Oh, okay. Take care.
- Take care on your way.
- Bye, Arkin.
- Take care.
- Stay safe.
- Be good, okay?
- Bye, Via.
Study hard. Bye, take care.
What time did you get here?
Around 5:30, I think.
I missed it.
Huh?
The breakfast, this, the...
breakfast.
I thought...
I thought you meant
something else you missed.
Via—
Yeah?
My new movie is showing soon.
Of course, we’ll all watch it.
Of course, as your
friends, we’ll support you.
Thanks.
Eat now.
So you can get going.
Here, some tocino.
- You eat, too, okay?
- Yeah, sure.
- Just a little rice?
- Yeah, just a little.
That’s enough, thank you.
Eat now.
You, too.
Do you want coffee? Food?
I’m still at the site. Working.
All right. What time are you going home?
Maybe later.
Via, you’ve been
looking pale since earlier.
Have you eaten?
Do you want a sandwich?
No, I’m okay.
I also need to leave soon
because I have a video
meeting with my firm in Spain.
Okay.
But are you sure you’re really okay?
Yeah, I’m okay. Don’t worry.
Looks like it’s going
to rain. Shall we go?
Okay. Let’s go.
Via.
Oh. What are you
doing here again?
I brought you some food.
Go ahead.
What happened to you?
You look so pale.
It’s nothing.
You’re running hot.
Come here.
I’ll prepare your
food so you can rest.
I’m fine. I’ll eat later.
What do you mean?
You need to eat
to fill yourself up.
Then take medicine later so
you don’t end up with a fever.
Yeah.
It’s because the weather’s
been changing a lot lately.
Take care of yourself, Via.
Drink water all the time
so you don’t get dehydrated,
and bring an umbrella so
you won’t get wet if it rains.
Eat already, you’re so stubborn.
You’re the one being stubborn.
I’m so tired from work,
and you’re still bothering me.
You’re so pushy.
Call me pushy all you want,
but I’d rather be that than have
you feel worse than you already do.
Now, eat.
Eat plenty.
I have medicine here.
Here.
Take this after you eat, okay?
Then rest right after.
Don’t use your phone
anymore so you can sleep early.
All right.
Okay.
What do you want, this one?
There’s still some chicken here.
You eat, too. Let’s eat together.
You still have a report, Via.
You need to go to work.
Take this before lunch,
don’t skip meals! - Kino
It’s just like before. I used to
be the one doing this for him.
Via?
Got any extra eggs there?
Of course, I already
added an extra egg.
I know it’s your favorite.
Wow, you’re the best, Via!
That’s why you’re my best friend.
You really put in a lot of effort, huh?
Is this finished?
It’s finished, Architect.
Yes, it’s done.
All right, have lunch first
before you start the next task.
Okay. Let’s go, guys.
Architect, are you going to eat?
I’ll eat later.
Thank you.
All right, I’ll work on it.
Why did you still come in?
You should’ve just taken a sick leave.
I’m okay.
I’ll just finish this,
then I’ll go home early.
Okay, but if you need
anything, tell me, all right?
Sure. Thank you.
Let’s fix this, okay?
Hello?
How are you feeling?
I’m feeling a bit better now.
What you left really helped.
Thanks again.
You’re welcome.
Don’t skip meals, okay?
Okay.
I need to go.
We’re about to shoot. Get well soon.
Yeah, thanks.
Want to eat out
with me and Ke? I’m sad.
You know, I’m happy that
you and Arkin are talking again.
Right.
What’s important is that your
friendship is coming back.
You’ve been friends for longer
than the time you distanced
yourselves from each other.
Yeah, that’s true.
Are you okay?
Let me see.
You’re warm.
Why did you still come here?
I’m fine, and besides,
you said you were sad, right?
That’s why I came. I can handle it.
You should go home
now so you can rest.
Did you bring a car?
No, I just booked a ride.
Huh?
Oh, I’ll message Arkin.
Hey, don’t.
It’s fine.
Oh, it’s Dan!
- Dan!
- Luna, Kierra.
Hey, Dan, long time no see.
- Why are you here?
- Oh. You’re here too?
I have a meeting with a friend of mine.
Are they here now?
No, I’m thirty minutes early.
Sit down first, sit down.
- Oh—
- All right
Did I tell you
that we work together?
- No. Really?
- Yes.
Why don’t you order first?
Yeah, eat with us.
- All right.
- Yes. Let’s order.
You know, I was
starstruck when I first saw Clea.
She really looks great in person.
She looks like an angel
sent down from heaven.
By the way, Dan. Doesn’t Clea
already have a boyfriend?
Yes, I heard.
Not Arkin, though.
Hey, Luna.
Why?
How do you even know that?
Don’t gossip about it to others,
especially when it’s not confirmed.
All right, I’ll verify it.
But it doesn’t really
seem like gossip.
Do you remember Victor?
Yeah, I do.
It’s just that Victor, our co-worker—
Oh, he’s your co-worker—
- Then—
- Hey, Arkin’s here.
Hi.
How are you?
I’m good.
Via, let’s go?
You’re not well yet.
Let’s go home.
Don’t you want to eat first?
We can order.
I’m fine. I’m full, thanks.
Let’s go?
We’ll go ahead.
All right.
- Take care, you two.
- Okay.
I’ll just keep my distance,
wouldn’t wanna catch anything.
Yeah, all right.
- Hey!
- Be careful on the road.
- Via, here’s some vitamins.
- Yeah?
You looked pale earlier at the office.
I was going to give
them to you tomorrow.
Thanks.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Take care.
- Okay. Arkin—
- Just update us.
- Bye!
- When you both get home.
- All right.
Come on.
Via?
- Oh my god!
- Damn it...
Pres!
- Larkin!
- Pres.
How have you been?
You’re famous now!
Pres!
Come on here.
- Pres.
- Pres!
Long time no see.
Oh my god. How are you guys?
Kierra!
Why are you here?
Pres and I ran into each other
the other day at an event.
And now you’re here.
Small world.
Pres, do you remember Via?
Do you remember the girl who
confessed to you back in high school—
You’re in Manila now, Pres?
No, not really.
I still work with FlyAsia.
- Ah, FlyAsia.
- I just had a meeting there earlier,
- that’s why I ended up here.
- Oh, okay, a meeting.
I thought you met
up with your partner.
Why?
We broke up.
What? Really?
- Are you okay, Pres?
- I’m okay.
Sorry about my cousin here.
It’s just that she
can’t hold her tongue.
We don’t have to talk about it.
It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.
Wait—
Via, are you okay?
You look sick.
She’s not feeling well,
that’s why we’re going home.
- Get well...
- All right.
Get well soon, okay?
All right, we’ll go ahead.
- All right, Pres.
- Okay. Take care.
- Rest well, okay?
- Bye.
Next time then.
We’ll see you around, guys.
Bye.
- Pres, eat with us for a bit.
- What’s going on there?
Pres, it seems...
Pres, have you noticed? I grew taller.
We’re about the same height now.
Ah, really? Really now?
Pres, sit here.
- Is that really what you have to say?
- Sit beside me.
Are you still going to work?
Maybe not. I already
asked to take a leave.
And my boss saw
that I’m sick anyway.
What about you?
Do you have a schedule tomorrow?
Do you have work?
In the afternoon.
How are things with you and Dan?
That’s so random.
Why is he asking about Dan and me?
We’re okay, I guess.
We’re fine. He’s a good co-worker.
It’s been a while
since I saw Pres.
Oh.
What about it?
You’re not his crush.
I never said I was his crush.
Jeez.
Churros?
I like you.
Thank you, Via.
Want some churros?
They broke up, huh?
What a shame.
He looks good, right?
Yeah.
But it’s still a shame,
he was a good match for his ex.
I just hope all will be well for them.
At least, things are getting
better for Kino and me.
It’s high.
You’re really warm.
Here. Take this medicine.
Hold this.
And also these
vitamins that Dan gave you.
I’m puzzled by how he acts.
But I guess that’s how friends are.
It’s okay!
That’s just as a friend, right?
Even if he’s the one who’s sick,
I’d do this, too, because he’s my friend.
Lie down now.
Kino—
if you want, you can
sleep here next to me later,
so you’ll be more comfortable.
Don’t worry about me.
Rest and get well, okay?
Good night, Via.
Good night, Kino.
And—
thank you.
Good night.
Sleep now.
Good morning.
Your fever’s gone down.
Have a seat.
Breakfast is ready.
I’ll just get some water.
Take your medicine after you eat.
Here, some vitamins, too.
I need to go. We have a
promo schedule later for the movie.
Thanks. We’ll watch.
Focus on getting better.
Okay?
I’m leaving now.
Alright.
Okay.
We’ll leave soon, too, Kino.
We might be late for the shoot.
Engineer!
Hello.
Ah, Clea, why did you call me “Kino”?
Sorry, it just stuck because
a while ago you told me
that was your childhood nickname.
Actually, it’s only Via
who calls me that.
Oh.
Sorry. I didn’t know the context.
It’s fine.
Sorry, I’m sorry.
Okay, let’s go back to “Larkin.”
Thanks for understanding.
What?
You’re slow! I’m even doing
high knees, you know.
See?
What have you been eating, dude?
Are you training for the Olympics?
Just in a good mood, bro.
Oh, why?
Via and I had a serious
talk on Mama’s birthday.
I think we’re okay now.
We’re friends again.
- No wonder you’re in top shape, huh.
- Ouch.
That’s why!
That’s why I can do more.
You’re so weak, man.
See.
- Wait a bit. Let’s rest first.
- See? Look at me.
- Damn, you’re so full of yourself.
- Check this.
- All right, wait!
- So, let’s go already?
You’re so slow!
You’ve really grown so much.
I’m proud of you.
Hello, guys!
Is Clea your girlfriend?
Is Clea my girlfriend?
Oh, a new question.
Do I like someone right now?
♪ An orange sky, painting the beauty— ♪
Via.
Kino.
Say it, Rye.
I wanna write music, Kino.
I thought maybe
it wasn’t meant for me.
That when I start writing a song,
I might realize that
I’m not good at it either.
Via, let’s eat lunch
first before we leave.
- Oh, Avi!
- Uncle Arkin!
You’re here!
Give me a hug.
Here.
Uncle Arkin, once you’re famous,
you can’t join your
loved ones to eat anymore?
Arkin, is it true that you and Clea
are building a house together?